Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/deployment-types/serverless/index.md

---

> description: Deploy Dagster+ Serverless to run jobs without infrastructure setup,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Dagster+ Serverless is a fully managed version of Dagster+ and is the easiest way to get started with Dagster. With a Serverless deployment, you can run your Dagster jobs without spinning up any infrastructure yourself.
```

  ideal for orchestrating services or light computation, with specified resource limitations.
sidebar_label: Serverless
sidebar_position: 10
title: Serverless deployment
---

> Dagster+ Serverless is a fully managed version of Dagster+ and is the easiest way to get started with Dagster. With a Serverless deployment, you can run your Dagster jobs without spinning up any infrastructure yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Dagster+ Serverless is a fully managed version of Dagster+ and is the easiest way to get started with Dagster. With a Serverless deployment, you can run your Dagster jobs without spinning up any infrastructure yourself.
```
